c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\MyWork.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\MyWork.Tests.dll
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\MyWork.Tests.pdb
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\MyWork.dll
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\MyWork.pdb
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\obj\Debug\MyWork.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\obj\Debug\MyWork.Tests.dll
c:\users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\obj\Debug\MyWork.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\MyWork.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
