c:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\Insertion.dll.config
c:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\Insertion.dll
c:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\Insertion.pdb
c:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\obj\Debug\Insertion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\obj\Debug\Insertion.dll
c:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\obj\Debug\Insertion.pdb
c:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\MyWork.dll
c:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\MyWork.pdb
c:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\lokesh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MyWork\Insertion\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
